going viral is tough everyone wants to
go viral because they want millions and
millions of video views but what if i
told you that you can get millions of
video views without going viral hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down how i got 37 million
video views without going viral
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
as you can see here this is my youtube
profile i have tons of videos on all
sorts of topics technically they're all
marketing related but in essence i still
have all sorts of videos on different
things on marketing from creating a blog
post to a uber citiz chrome extension to
my google seo formula to omni channel
marketing link building content
marketing
keyword research the list goes on and on
just on youtube alone according to
socialblade i've generated 37 million
000 views
that's a lot of video views
37 million but here's the crazy part
i have way more than 37 million video
views i upload my videos to instagram i
upload them to facebook i upload them to
linkedin heck i upload them to any
social network that'll take
videos i even put them on my website now
of course people who watch the videos on
my website because i use a youtube embed
player it counts against my youtube
views but in essence i have way more
than 37 million views it's probably safe
to say i have over 50 million views
that's a lot of views so how do you do
that without going viral and today i'm
going to show you how to do that
the first thing i want you to do
is go to
google and google uber suggests chrome
extension
and when you type that in it's the first
result it's chrome.google.com the url is
really long so i just want you to google
uber suggest chrome extension
and there's over 200 000 people that use
it install it
and as you can see here i already have
it installed and you see that there's
this little orange you icon that's uber
suggests
and if you don't see it there click the
little puzzle piece
and then i want you to pin click the pin
for uber suggest and then you'll see it
now when you go back to youtube and you
search for anything
let's say you're just on youtube
searching and browsing and if you don't
do that on a regular basis i recommend
doing it because you can go to youtube
to learn anything
and let's say i type in the word digital
marketing
and i'm gonna type it in
and the uber suggests extension will
show you how many people search for
digital marketing every single month
and it adds up
and i'll go and create topics on digital
marketing
and based on a look at some of the other
videos and what people are doing and
i'll use that to figure out all right
maybe i should create a video on this
and it'll tell me not just what the
search volume is for that keyword but
it'll also give me other recommendations
in the right sidebar so that way i have
more ideas of the keywords that i could
be doing
the next thing i want you to do is go to
neilpatel.com ubersuggest
so that way you can get a bigger list of
ideas and i want you to type in some of
the competitors in your space so let's
say your competitor is neil patel being
me
and when you type in a domain name like
neil patel you'll get a traffic overview
where you see the popularity of a
website over time and how much traffic
they're going but i want you to click in
the left navigation keywords by traffic
and when you click on keywords by
traffic just make sure you put in their
domain name
and you'll see all the keywords that i'm
ranking for not necessarily getting this
many visits which is volume estimated
businesses on the right side but you can
see by volume what keywords are searched
a lot bing reddit news google adwords
you know uh google my business
discord bots quora blogging vlogging
search engine optimization seo advanced
search on twitter twitter advanced
search uh copywriting search engines
influencers and when you do this for
your competition and you keep scrolling
a lot of the keywords won't be relevant
for you some of them will be
any of the ones that are it'll give you
ideas for keywords that you could be
targeting
so for example this keyword copywriting
you know when i go to it i you can click
it you can see all the other domains
that are ranking for it
and this is what they're ranking on
google not youtube so this example
here's copy blog like all right copy
blogger let me click on them
let me go to keywords by traffic um type
in copy blogger here
and i can see all the keywords that copy
bloggers ranking for relate to maybe i
create videos on headlines and blogging
and how to write copy
how to create
landing pages i can create a lot of ones
on landing pages like how to
create persuasive copy for landing pages
um
content marketing what is copywriting
never knew that was popular sir so i can
create a video on what is copywriting
and how to use it
um
let's see how to sell your soul probably
don't want to create a video on that one
because i don't believe in selling your
soul
uh let's say cliffhangers how to use
cliffhangers in storytelling
uh let's see
native advertising i should do a video
on that
podcast ideas i can do a video on how to
come up with 100 podcast ideas
in 60 seconds
persuasive writing i can do a video on
that but you get the point i'm using
ubercs to find all the other domains
that have a lot that are in my category
like if this one is on i think we saw
podcasts
advertising or podcast topics
or
let's go what um
i don't know
content marketing
click on it and then they can see all
the other sites that rank for content
marketing one of the ones that ranks at
the top is content marketing institute
then i can go
copy their domain here
go to keywords by traffic
and i can end up going through
content marketing institute and then
seeing all right what are all the
keywords that they're using as well and
this will give me good ideas on more
keywords that i can create videos on and
when you create hundreds and hundreds of
videos like i did i know it takes time
you'll get the millions of views don't
rely on going viral you can't predict
that but you can predict that if you
create tons of videos that are useful
and helpful each video may get five ten
thousand views a month or even two
thousand views a month but when you have
so many it'll add up and over the years
you'll get millions and millions of
views and generate tons of revenue from
it
play the numbers game create quality
content in quantity when it comes to
videos put on all the social sites out
there you'll get the traffic you'll get
the views you'll get the revenue from
you'll get the brand awareness and it's
the long game it works stop trying to
waste your time going viral
if you enjoy this video like it share it
tell the people about it subscribe to
channel if you have questions leave a
comment i'll answer it and if you just
need help with your marketing whether
it's video marketing or even
seo or any form of digital marketing
check out my ad agency neil patel
digital